you watch the news and you get half
truths so what's the real deal in
today's video we're going to talk about
what's happening to you and what will
happen as you look into the near future
this is very cloudy it's murky but I'll
make it very simple I'm going to make it
easy for you to understand how to deal
with what we're experiencing right now
today you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you I want to explain
what inflation is all about and what
people are seeing you know it's not just
the people at the lowest level of in
income that are really hurting I'm going
to explain why this is actually taking a
hit on just about everybody let's look
at this you could see Mercedes S-Class
sales decline in a Blow to luxury
strategy I will give you in fact at the
end of this we're going to look more
into it people that are you know getting
their classic vehicles and so on at
auction the prices have not gone
anywhere for years and that's a big
concern right you look at nyc's 20 $23
congestion charge there's debate in
every neighborhood what are they trying
to do here if you want to come into
Manhattan they are going to charge you
23 bucks who is that going to hurt it's
of course the little guy you got to come
in you got to go in to work oh yeah
you're going to have to take public
transit well maybe that doesn't make
sense for where you live but they're
going to charge you 23 bucks they're
making you prohibitively expensive for
you to travel in this way not a good
idea does the rich guy care about
spending 23 bucks not at all doesn't
hurt him does the corporation big
Corporation maybe they have a bunch of
employees in the C-Class that get you
know the expense cards and so on did
they care about that no absolutely not
they don't care so it won't affect them
23 bucks doesn't make a difference but
for the little guy that's saying uh okay
well now I can't work here anymore
because 23 bucks a day is going to
seriously impact what I earn that's
another that's an hour that's maybe an
hour and a half of my salary gone that's
not good when you factor in everything
else all the costs they're making the
wrong decisions right here and now let
me tell you you could see Costco CEO
comments on possible membership price
hike you'll see it happen it's going on
everywhere but don't worry the hot dog
is going to stay a dollar $150 whatever
it is there's something going on
speaking of which Costco selling out on
the gold bars we talked about that this
is telling of what's going on inside
this economy okay those are just a few
pieces of evidence and they say here the
US economy secret weapon seniors with
money to spend Americans 65 and older
have a record share of spending and are
less susceptible to interest rates maybe
they have some more savings and so on
but from what I've seen that's really
not the case they're actually more
concerned Why is that it's because they
don't know how to bring more money in
especially so if you're retired you're
done with your employment maybe it's
been a few years and so on for a lot of
these people they've gone through
through they're you know they're in a
good position let's say assuming
inflation doesn't take hold uhoh yes
here we are but they don't know how to
bring more money in unless they go back
into the workforce and get a job it's
not as if they have a lot of passive
income coming through they're feeding
off of their 401K in many cases and so
that's a big issue that's a huge one
isn't it so that's what we're dealing
with right now yeah they might have a
big pile in their 401K but is it going
to last
that's what a lot of people kind of
didn't plan for and that's the problem
with the typical management of money and
that's why um you know you could see the
link in the description to get somebody
who's a fiduciary or a cfp if you don't
know how to deal with it yourself to get
some advice on that the link down in the
description I linked up with those guys
money pickle because it's free well at
least the 45 minute call is free and
they have to help you and then I create
a compass for free for
you uh people have little to no
disposable income at this time inflation
has really taken hold and we've seen it
uh through many Avenues we know that to
be the case shelter is eating up a
disproportionate amount of the total
it's incredible to see the rent prices
you know you see this little hole in the
wall it's you know $2,000 a month this
can't be good and I'm going to show you
some of these ratios right now they're
going to shock you patients reporting
the most significant changes in to fast
food and pizza restaurant trips by the
way you could see uh this is crazy but
if you these people started taking this
diet drugs you're seeing these you know
getting really popular and now they're
you know eating all the less junk food
anyway less of it very unusual anyway
you could see this Confections cookies
and salty snacks are seeing the greatest
degree of cut back in food and all I'm
trying to say here is that we can see
this going on whether it's because
because of you know some drug that
somebody's taking or whether it's
because of inflation you you put these
both together and that is a Slowdown in
the general economy because you want
people to go out there you want them to
max out their credit cards you want them
to take the Maxum out of risk and do
these payday loans and all these kind of
things because that's what it runs on
the economy runs on fumes today fumes of
debt but now people are taking weight
loss drugs and they're not eating as
much as they did before so that's going
to impact these companies it's good for
the drug companies it's bad for likely
for People's Health I've already heard
some huge problems with that but anyway
and then at the same time it's bad for
you know let's say the McDonald's of the
world and all the junk food makers we'll
see we'll see the trend on how it
continues but that is a factor and we
look at real estate to be the one to say
okay what's going on we got commercial
real estate we' got residential real
estate and of course you know you've got
nuances within that it depends on where
you look how prices set to plummet for
the first time in over a decade claims
analyst once dub as the Oracle of Wall
Street and she reveals four states
expected to see their values decline
this is based on the fact that you know
aging Boomer population it's going to
ease up the inventory they're going to
have to go to retirement homes and
that's why if you've read money Master
the game by uh Tony Robbins he explains
that and why there's a lot of real
estate investment trusts REITs are eits
that are based specifically around that
and he advises actually for people to
get into that simply because that's
what's going on right now there's an
aging population they're moving into
these places and a lot of these REITs
have bought up those type of properties
and so that might be a good play you
decide what you want to do the 11 major
US cities where home prices have risen
the most all right you could see it La
San Diego Richmond Cincinnati and it
goes on okay and that just shows us that
you got to understand there's like this
big difference real estate is not one
thing so when I hear people do these
blanket statements real estate is going
to crash in some areas oh yeah it can
Plum it if it never deserved to be at
those prices in the first place
absolutely but the general
consensus um needs to be understood that
you know you you can't have that kind of
thing happen just because of you know
a standard business cycle what we
experienced in leading up to 2008 was
very different it was a very different
world so much speculation and now
there's talk about that happening again
no no no no not so fast Cas Shiller home
price versus hourly earnings the CPI and
rent and you can see that essentially
all I'm trying to show you is that
hourly earnings have not kept up with
home prices at all this is interesting
mortgage payment MP and wage adjusted MP
and looking at that you know we we have
not kept up at all even though wages
have gone up well of course our mortgage
payment has gone up way more than that
and that is an issue because people
cannot afford their homes now it doesn't
mean that suddenly everything that's
going to flip upside down and here it is
that's the end of it it just means that
we could potentially have stagnation for
a long period of time there could be
areas there could be people that have
crisis there could be companies that go
bankrupt but it does not mean
necessarily a repeat of what we
experienced before I think it's going to
be you know this time is different but
in this way there's a lot of different
elements I'm not saying it's good please
trust me but what I think happens here
is that we enter a period of deflation
and the Federal Reserve is going to do
something it has never done before and
they're going to go berserk they're
going to go wild and we will never
experience something like we haven't
experienced something like this in our
lifetimes so do not expect do not
anticipate this Grand deflationary Event
where housing prices crash by 80% and
you're going to swoop in because you
saved money you've been diligent then
saving cash this whole time and you're
going to swoop in and you're going to
buy assets for pennies on the dollar
congratulations well whoever's been
telling you that I want you to tell them
a message from me personally stop
lying because now we've gone beyond
ignorance and it is now a lie don't let
them lie to
you why Airbnb owners are about to sell
and just suggest ing that you know they
don't have the revenue coming in from
before he specifically mentions in 2023
and 2024 there's going to be massive
sell-offs in these homes here we are in
October there have been no sell-offs or
you know a little bit here in there it's
it's happening but you know just what is
expected when you increase interest
rates what happens next year we'll see
but at this time a massive selloff in
homes I haven't seen that and at the
same time all of the distressed Airbnb
properties all the distressed Airbnb
properties were to have been sold off
the the total compared to the total in
any given City the percentage is still
very small so watch out the banks are
the big crisis the banks that's where we
need to focus our attention you need to
look at the debt and the institutions
that are around this the financial
industry and then what happens where
we've got way too much debt and the
Federal Reserve has to come in to save
the day printing money setting your
dollars a flame in The Inferno of
inflation let's talk about cars not not
Mr Bean cars but you know cars in
general uh another PEB Beach car sold
for 50% off at the SES auction terrible
sentiment is reflected in the poor
economy here's a couple examples 1950s
American going back by the way to the
financial crisis financial crisis all
the way through the day have prices
haven't improved Blue Chip haven't
improved since what is that 2016 British
cars
2015 Ferraris actually down from where
they were in 2015 what about the watch
index so the secondary Market of watches
you remember Iman gaji and all these
other guys look at my watch collection a
I'm a millionaire I'm a
multi-millionaire now the watches have
have increased in price not really look
look at what's happened look at that
Spike come on man you're being
fooled by all these people these gurus
these these
swindlers look at the price and where
it's come in the last 24
months you got to get your stuff
together what can you do make sure that
you have more than one source of income
this has to be a passive source of
income because if you
retire or you you know Health
complications anything or you got to
pick up and go you want to source of
income to be coming through make it
happen take any savings and make sure to
earn interest on that don't just let it
sit in the bank at 0% you've got to make
your money work for you hold real assets
for wealth preservation so if you want
to take that money and you want to
preserve it for the next Generation you
want to hold that for you know 100 years
well then it's a different story okay
you can hold that in let's say precious
metals you take those those precious
metals and you give it to your children
children you hold it in real estate may
you just put it there okay that's it I
don't need to deal with that okay gone
there's a very different world of trying
to make money so that you can have
enough while you're alive even you know
if your life gets disrupted and a
difference between that and you know
passing On to the Next Generation know
what you are actively trying to do how
can you know that how can you determine
all that well I break it down inside of
compass you go to the money gps.com you
go to Compass if if you want you can get
actually a cfp financial planner or
fiduciary for free for free I linked up
with this company to make it easy for
you to make it free for you on the
45-minute call you go in the money
gps.com you click on money pickle you go
here just watch the little video I broke
it all down for you and you can go to
their site book a call it's done and you
get that done for yourself know where
your finances are understand the basics
get the information you need to know and
get it for free it's Inc compass and
it's in money pickle why not check it
out Link in the description and then
last but not least a comment of the day
my brother bought a starter house in
Austin in January 2022 for 430 Grand he
got a contract on it to sell for 330
Grand good thing he can afford to lose
this money many people would be bankrupt
and that's going on still today I want
to thank you for that comment thank you
for all your comments understand I'm
trying my best to get the word out and I
do appreciate you all for being here we
got to tighten up right now we got to be
smart we got to do our best each and
every day I want to thank you for being
here and I'll see you on the next one
take care